https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-11617 (#6528)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/insights_intro.adoc

.. Select the _Status_ tab and click the *View details* link to view the `PolicyReport` YAML file.
.. Locate the `source` parameter, which informs you of the component that sent the violation. The value options are `grc` and `insights`.

[#update-risks]
=== Viewing update risk predictions

> View the potential risks of updating your managed clusters. Complete the following steps:

Author: ```suggestion
View the potential risks for updating your managed clusters. Complete the following steps:
```

. Log in to your managed cluster. 
. Go to the _Overview_ page. 

> . From the _Powered by Insights_ section, you can view the percentage of clusters with predicted risks, which are listed by severity.

Reviewer: changed this a bit for conciseness (line 71), clickable items should be bold, made a couple changes there.

. Select the number for the severity to view the list of clusters from the _Clusters_ page.
. Select the cluster that you want, then click the *Actions* drop-down button.
. Click *Upgrade clusters* to view the risk for the upgdate.

> . Click the link in the _Upgrade risks_ column from the _Upgrade clusters_ modal. Information is displayed from the Hybrid Cloud console.

Reviewer: This last line is confusing, seems we can change it around???

`Click the link in the _Upgrade risks_ column from the _Upgrade clusters_ modal. Information is displayed from the Hybrid Cloud console.`

`From the _Upgrade clusters_ modal, find the  _Upgrade risks_ column and click the link `_(though what is this link--a link to the console?)_ `to view information in the Hybrid Cloud console. `(something like this)

Author: The number of risks is hyperlinked

> . Click the link in the _Upgrade risks_ column from the _Upgrade clusters_ modal. Information is displayed from the Hybrid Cloud console.

Author: ```suggestion
. From the _Upgrade clusters_ modal, find the _Upgrade risks_ column and click the link for the number of risks to view information in the Hybrid Cloud console.
```
